# Assignment 3

In your own words, answer the following questions based off your reading from
Week 2. Describe your reasoning based off the significance of the reading and
your own inferences. Answer each question using one well-formed paragraph.

## 1. Is there a thing such as using too much CSS? Is it bad style to use inline CSS?

All relative "too much" or "too little", but as both the length and number of
CSS files grows so to the page load time and increases complexity in maintaining
the codebase; in addition, using inline CSS can make it difficult to separate
content from presentation i.e. using inline CSS disregards the design principle
of "separation of concerns".

## 2. Would there ever be a need for multiple CSS files to be linked to a single HTML file?

Yes, there are a few scenarios where it might be necessary to link multiple CSS
files to a single HTML file; for example, if you are using a CSS framework or
library, you may need to link multiple CSS files to take advantage of all the
features and styles provided by the framework. In addition, if you are working
on a responsive design, you may need to use multiple CSS files to target
different screen sizes and devices.

## 3. Do advanced websites also still use HTML, CSS and JavaScript? For example, the apple website. It isn't like any other website and has some fancy aspects to it

Yes, advanced websites still use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. These technologies
are the foundation of the web and are used to create all types of websites from
blogs to social platforms.

The Apple website, like many other advanced websites, uses HTML to structure
the content, CSS to style the layout and appearance, and JavaScript to add
interactivity and dynamic functionality. While the specific techniques and
tools used to create advanced websites may vary, the underlying technologies
remain the same.

## 4. What are the limits of html? (Where does the language get more complex or difficult compared to other coding languages)

HTML like Markdown, SGML, XML, and LAtex (to name a few) are markup languages.
HTML is used for creating web pages and is relatively easy to learn and use.
However, there are some limitations to HTML that can make it more complex or
difficult. For example, HTML has accessibility limitations it be difficult to
use for creating accessible web pages, as it requires a deep understanding of
accessibility guidelines and best practices. Screen readers or braille displays
may not be effective for the end user.

HTML may also have cross-browser compatibility issues where sometimes be
difficult to use for creating web pages that work consistently across different
browsers and devices.

HTML isn't a "programming language" and is more a "utility language" (like CSS);
for, it cannot do general programming. This limited functionality lacks the
ability to perform complex calculations or manipulate data like other languages.

## 5. Besides the discussion problems above, describe one unique perspective you gained from the reading on web technologies

Accessibility is not a priority or a consideration a lot of times. Web development
to account for the handicap is not taught in school, nor is it considered early
in development.
